I don't care what justice laws you use
In the face of absolute strength
There's never enough of them.
Is that status?
Why do you have a position every now and then?
Your chest is simply not enough to see through your trump card
Shut up and dare to insult the official king
This king sits on the throne, and the emperor has only one defeat in ten thousand years
Under the Nine Heavens, This King is Invincible
Hahaha, as long as it is supreme in nine days and one day
No one dares to be invincible
Is this the Nine Heavens Hanging Robe?
Twenty thousand years ago, there was a continent.
Then the mysterious man
Shattered an entire continent by myself
Only these nine days and ten places
Father, who is that mysterious power?
No one knows this and no one has seen him
Even the Emperor could only call him Lin Sheng
However, the traces he left in the nine days
Here it is.
The Nine Heavens Hanging Robe that brings together the essence of the Nine Heavens
Oops Lin Sheng
You are Lin Sheng